2013-07-24

Well, I'm finally beginning this code project in earnest. Had a few setbacks this past week, but here we go.

First steps are to get the project started in github and intellij. When you haven't done something like this in a
 bit, it can get a little rusty. ;)

Well, I figure I better do the trains problem being that I'm coming from the railroad. It's only fitting after all.
Was tempted to do Roman Numerals, as I've done a similar kata a few times, but figured I'd do something new.

Ok - so I think of gotten so used to writing mostly in Groovy, that I forget how painful Java can be. It's really the
little things that make the difference, like not having to fuss about getting an integer from a string.


2013-07-25

Now that I've got the basic framework set up, I think it's time to include the full list in the setup, as opposed to
my simple test data. Keep the first tests simple, but I have a sample set (from the problem) so I can use that now.

Also, I'm install zsh, so I get oh-my-zsh up and running. Been using it at work and amazed at how much I miss it!

OK - I'm bending things a bit. Supposed to output "No such route" if there isn't one. But I'm returning ints for the
distance, because that makes sense. In the absence of talking to the customer, I'm going to simply throw an exception
if this is the case. I could make my own "NoSuchRouteException", but I'll defer that decision until later, it's easy
anyhow. As for the really returning it, well, that's pretty easy too. But I think that should be up to the calling code.

2013-07-27

I've got about a half hour while the wife is taking a nap. Then we go on date night. Anyhow - have been trying to
think about solving the next problem. I think if I make things a bit more generic, then that might work.

2013-08-02

At No Fluff, Just Stuff and finally finding some time to work on this. Was good going to sessions today.
Ok, this problem is kicking my butt. I think I need to think recursively...I'm trying to do it the other way, and
it's not working.

Uggh, it's like 1am. But it works, or seems to. Time for bed. I really need to practice this sort of thing. Was
way harder than I thought.

